Wire labels with MCMs (#7934)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h4>Other improvements</h4>

> * We now allow wire labels to be used with mid-circuit measurements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We now allow custom wire labels to be used with :func:`~pennylane.defer_measurements`.
```

>   [(#7934)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7934)

Author: In your example, I don't understand what this line is doing `qml.cond(m != "asd", qml.X)(i)` but I will point out that all of the wires in your example are numbered.

<h4>Other improvements</h4>

* An error is no longer raised when non-integer wire labels are used in QNodes using `mcm_method="deferred"`.
  [(#7934)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7934)
  
  ```python
  @qml.qnode(qml.device("default.qubit"), mcm_method="deferred")
  def circuit():
      for i in range(3):
          m = qml.measure("a" + str(i))
          qml.cond(m == 0, qml.X)("meas" + str(i))
      return [qml.expval(qml.Z("a" + str(i))) for i in range(3)]
  ```

  ```pycon
  >>> print(qml.draw(circuit)())
     a0: ──┤↗├────────────────────┤  <Z>
     a1: ───║──────┤↗├────────────┤  <Z>
     a2: ───║───────║──────┤↗├────┤  <Z>
  meas0: ───║───X───║───────║─────┤     
  meas1: ───║───║───║───X───║─────┤     
  meas2: ───║───║───║───║───║───X─┤     
            ╚═══╝   ╚═══╝   ╚═══╝       

>   ```

Reviewer 2: A bit smaller + less scroll time :)
